docs(gen): contribute page revamp (#2788)
scaleway/docs-content: contribute.mdx

  paragraph: This page explains how to participate in the Scaleway Write for the Community program.
tags: write-for-the-community community contribute git voucher
cta: false
---

> Join the Scaleway **Write for the Community** program, a collaborative initiative for making our [open-source Documentation](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/) a truly collaborative knowledge center.

Reviewer: "Collaborative" twice - maybe get rid of the first one?

Author: Good catch, thanks!

> Join the Scaleway **Write for the Community** program, a collaborative initiative for making our [open-source Documentation](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/) a truly collaborative knowledge center.

Author: ```suggestion
Join the Scaleway **Write for the Community** program, an initiative for making our [open-source Documentation](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/) a truly collaborative knowledge center.
```

<Grid>
    <SummaryCard
        title="Become a recognized expert"
        icon="members"
        description="Share your knowledge and be featured on our Documentation."
    />
    <SummaryCard
        title="Be rewarded for your contribution"
        icon="auto-fix"
        description="Get up to €200 of cloud credit for each of your publications."
    />
</Grid>

## Become a contributor

<Tabs id="become-contributor">

>   <TabsTab label="Before you start">

Author: ```suggestion
  <TabsTab label="Before you start    ">
```

    Before creating your content, carefully read the instructions and conditions below:

      - Read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/blob/854cc72797d4103d0475f35f977f32339d6e94f5/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/blob/854cc72797d4103d0475f35f977f32339d6e94f5/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
      - To be rewarded with Scaleway credits, you must:
        - Submit a tutorial idea via a [documentation request issue](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Documentation+Request&template=doc_request.yaml&title=%5B%F0%9F%91%A9%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%92%BB+Documentation+Request%5D%3A+).
        - Write the content yourself and submit it following our [contribution process](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/blob/main/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

>         - Your content must have been merged and published by our team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Your content must be merged and published by our team.
```

>       - The reward credit depends on the content length (does not include spaces and screenshots):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - The reward depends on the content length (does not include spaces and screenshots):
```

        - **Less than 1000 characters**: €100 cloud credits.
        - **More than 1000 characters**: up to €200 cloud credits.
      - Your contribution voucher is credited directly to your Scaleway account in the month following the publication and is **valid for up to three calendar months**.
    
        You are now ready to start contributing.

  </TabsTab>

>   <TabsTab label="How to contribute">

Author: ```suggestion
  <TabsTab label="How to contribute    ">
```

  

    **When will I receive my contribution reward?**
    
    Your contribution voucher is credited directly to your Scaleway account in the month following the publication, and is valid for up to three calendar months.

    **What can I write about?**

    You can write any tutorial that you think could be useful for Scaleway users. It must involve a Scaleway product and any third-party tools the tutorial involves must be free to use and open-source.
    
    Need some inspiration? Read our [existing tutorials](/tutorials/) to see the kind of content we publish, and try checking our [documentation requests](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/issues) or [asking for ideas on the Community Slack](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/archives/C01J2BT8TGX).

    
    **Can I write in a language other than English?**

    No, all our content is published in English only.

    
    **Do I need to complete any additional paperwork after publication?**

    No, you are all set.

    
    **Can I post my content elsewhere?**

    No. If you submit content to us, this must be uniquely for the Scaleway Documentation website.

    

>     **What about copyright, is it still my material?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **What about copyright, do I still own the content?**
```

    Scaleway considers any content our own after we publish it and compensate you.

    
    **What if I have an idea but do not want to write the content myself?**

    You are still welcome to get in touch with us.
    

>     [Submit your idea or suggestion](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/issues/new/choose) by opening a documentation request or bug issue, and specify that you do not plan to write the content yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [Submit your idea or suggestion](https://github.com/scaleway/docs-content/issues/new/choose) by opening a documentation request or bug issue, and specify that you do not plan on writing the content yourself.
```
